Cut!
Got it, sir.
Next shot, please
Tell me.
- It is fine but why are you smiling?
Chitwan's character is fun loving.
That's why.
Yes. How did you decide that?
I read the book.
It's written in the book.
That's the problem with
the Indian education system.
We believe everything
we read in the book..
..but here we need practicality
and realism more, you know.
So, I would just..
But this is a true story.
- Yeah.
Where is Baba?
Baba told me about Chitwan.
Baba.
You're right.
It's a true story..
..but the fact is,
Chitwan is back from jail.
I mean he's a criminal.
And he's unable to pay the car loan.
That's why he's fleeing.
You read the script, didn't you?
No, no.
Yes.
His brother thinks he's an idiot.
His sister hasn't spoken to him in years..
and with all this baggage
I don't understand why he would smile.
In fact, I'm thinking
you should channel that..
..and if doing this performance
makes you angry, then break this.
During the performance, break this.
Yes, yes.
It will be done.
We'll do it.
We will do it.
Yes?
- Yes.
If you need help to process
it I'll lock you up in a dark room.
Take a week.
I have 2 or 3 such dark rooms.
I shall check the occupancy.
Think about it.
Because I tried it with Nawaz.
No, let's do it quickly.
It will be done.
Sure, right?
- Yes, in fact I'll sit in ?
for 10-15 minutes.
I'll sit in the shade.
That will do it.
Let's do it.
Sure?
- We'll do it quickly.
Nawaz..
Peter, give me the script.
Darken the make-up.
It will be done, sir.
We'll do it quickly.
Film making is like
one giant Chinese whisper.
Everyone has a different
film going on in their heads.
What had happened?
What I wrote?
What we should make.
It's a chaos.
Sir, if you don't mind,
would you please autograph my copy?
Yeah.
Sure.
Your name?
- Paulomi.
But my friends call me Paula.
Yeah.
Paulomi.
- Yes.
Sir, just like you
my uncle's son is a wimp.
Even he is terrified of the dark.
The character of the older
brother is you, isn't it?
Yes.
Losely.
- Obviously.
The Marco Polo chapter was totally unreal.
That doesn't happen.
Yes, but that..
- But it was really funny.
Exactly.
- Thank you so much.
Baba.
We should be leaving now.
We have the store opening.
It is the wedding season
and Delhi's traffic can be bad.
I'll go say bye.
His bye will take hours.
Set up the master over here
if you wish but don't make it too wide..
..because the Qutab Minar
will be visible at the back..
..and the metro is visible here.
We'll need to adjust it a bit.
Okay, bro.
I'm off.
- Yes.
Good.
In any case you are creating
some problems over here.
Sorry?
You
Why are you talking to Jeetu?
I mean, why are you telling
him about the real Chitwan?
I mean, now he's thinking Chitwan's
like this fun loving character.
But Chitwan is a fun loving guy.
Yes, but that is not my interpretation.
You're confusing the actor.
Look, you wrote the book.
Forget about it now.
Let me do my work now.
In any case we have
plenty of problems here.
Such as, I wanted to shoot in Rajasthan..
..but political problems came up.
That's why I'm adjusting
here on the roof of Chhatarpur.
I am creating Jodhpur.
No, no, I was just..
I mean, let's just don't
do this to each other.
I mean, let's work together..
..but we can work together
without working together at all.
I mean, that's the best way.
I think you'll see that that works.
Well, take care.
I'm doing a wide shot.
Stay out of it.
You'll come in the field here.
Yes.
This..
Show me the move.
Never mind the dance.
Do you have a dark story?
Do you have an elderly sibling at home?
Have you ever been to jail?
Okay, bro.
I'm off.
Baba, you're beautiful.
- Thanks.
But ugly inside.
Just like me.
See you.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Excuse me, sir. Can I have a selfie?
What did your siblings think of the book?
I don't know.
I'm not sure if they've read it.
They're all busy in their lives.
I hope they have read it and liked it.
So, you don't meet?
- No. We do meet.
Just recently we haven't met for a while.
I was busy on the book tour.
My parents are on vacation.
On a cruise.
So, we shall meet soon.
We'll plan a reunion
And where are you planning this reunion?
I haven't decided the location and menu.
Where we'll meet and what we'll eat.
We shall see how it goes.
Baba!
Chitwan?
- How are you, Baba?
What are you doing?
- Sorry. Sorry.
I am excited about seeing you.
I called you so many times.
Why aren't you answering my calls?
My phone number is changed.
- If your number is changed..
..you should inform me, shouldn't you?
Whose child is this?
- Mine.
What do you mean, "Yours?
" - I mean he is mine.
When did that happen?
- It's been 6-8 months.
We met six months ago.
Everything happened so quickly
I didn't have the time to tell, Baba.
How can you have such a big child quickly?
Hello.
Hello, uncle.
You are into a scam again, aren't you?
Whose child is that?
I told you he's mine, Baba.
- How can he be your child?
You don't even resemble each other.
Not even a semblance.
- Baba.
Don't put doubts in my child's head.
I am your papa, okay.
Are you a moron?
Going around with a kidnapped child.
Why are you swearing?
Children are influenced at this age.
- Sorry.
Sir, can I take a selfie?
- I am talking to the child.
One selfie, sir.
One selfie.
Okay. Come. Come.
Let's go.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
You see, Cheetah.
Your uncle is very famous.
What is Cheetah?
- Cheetah.
Cheetah Sharma.
He is the fastest Sharma of us all.
You named him Cheetah?
- Yes.
Hello.
Brother Hari.
Listen.
You must cancel all my
appointments this evening.
It's a family emergency.
My brother had a baby.
No, the baby isn't born now.
The baby was born earlier..
..but I am seeing him now.
I'll tell you the whole
story when I see you later.
Cancel all my appointments this evening.
Yes.
Come with me.
- Why, Baba?
You are dominating me already.
I have to go home.
I have responsibilities.
- Sorry, bro.
I didn't mean to dominate.
May I come to your house with you?
You may come but..
- What? Any problem?
I'll have to take permission.
Whose?
Careful.
He starts crying the
moment he's away from me.
Don't worry, Cheetah.
I'm coming.
Come on, Baba.
This is your house?
- Yes.
Why are you so shocked?
It is normal.
Come.
This is normal?
- Don't act like a middle class person.
Chitwan is calling some
senior lawyer's home his.
It's damn weird.
The weirdest thing in
this house is this painting.
I don't think it's a painting.
I think it's a..
It's a flag..
of China.
It's this red thing with a white spot.
It isn't even made using a compass.
It appears to be freehand.
So moving, no?
Always makes me cry.
Come, bro.
Let's eat.
Baba.
No.
Hi.
Hello.
Baba, meet my girlfriend.
Sorry.
My partner.
Sheetal.
That's Baba.
Isn't he beautiful?
Hi.
Finally.
It's been 3-4 times.
Hello, Chandar.
Chitwan talks about you a lot.
I hope good things.
- Mostly.
But unfortunately he's
never said anything about you.
In fact for the past 6 months
he didn't deem it necessary to talk to me.
That's how he rolls, I guess.
Dinner?
- That's just what I was about to say.
You see the connection?
Baba, sit here.
- Please.
Here. Here.
I hope you don't mind.
All of us are vegan.
That means we don't eat any eggs,
chicken or meat, Baba.
We don't even drink milk.
I hope the child drinks milk.
- Yes, yes.
Cheetah does.
Can you please stop calling him that?
- It's a nice name, baby.
Even he likes it.
Cheetah Sharma. Right, Baba?
Chaitanya Gujral.
- Yeah, that's also nice.
So, Sheetal, you're a lawyer, right?
- Yes
You must be a top lawyer.
I mean the house is quite lavish.
All of this belongs to my father.
I was born wealthy.
So, I was really never interested in it.
I'm a human rights lawyer
and primarily an activist.
Meaning?
- I like raising questions.
I don't like conceding with people.
You mean, petitions,
strikes and marches, twitter, all that?
Just about anything.
Anything that can bring
about a change in a jaded mindset.
But you do fight cases, right?
You go to the court and..?
I only take cases that mean something.
When someone makes fun
of the North Eastern people..
..or when people thing
homosexuality is an illness..
..I raise my voice for them.
- She's amazing!
Incidentally, how was your event?
- Good.
There was a controversy recently, right?
Your book was banned.
- No.
The book wasn't banned.
The film shoot was stopped.
They're making a film on my book.
There is a little stress
on the sexuality of a character.
Can you turn down the music a little bit?
Isn't it a little loud?
It's fine, actually.
Sorry.
It's quite nice.
Classical.
- Yeah.
Anyways, how is your music going?
Isn't he a great DJ?
Baba, that..
Will you have meat?
Yeah. Sure.
Although we don't eat but if
you like I'll send Govind out to get some.
No. No. No.
Don't trouble Govind.
I'm fine.
- Alright, then.
I'll leave you two gentlemen to it.
I have to file a petition tomorrow, so..
I'll see you at breakfast.
Actually I have to go back to my Hotel.
I have a booking.
The guestroom is ready for you,
but then it's up to you.
Good night.
- Goodnight, baby.
She's very sweet, isn't she?
Very sweet.
Is smoking allowed in this pincode ?
What were you doing when
I asked you about music?
Did you stop?
- Baba, I stopped playing in clubs.
I play mostly at private functions now.
Weddings, ladies music,
vigils and prayer meets.
Mostly spiritual stuff.
I have to look after
Cheetah the rest of the time.
I have to tend to the house.
The servants come early morning.
A head count is taken.
Attendance, you know.
All that.
So I'm like the house-husband.
Did you marry her?
- No. No.
But I will.
I am saving up money for a ring.
A ring..?
Yes, brother Hari.
Baba, I'm sorry for disturbing you.
The Jaipur Literature fest tomorrow
can't be cancelled.
Because your tickets have been booked.
Your face is put up on the hoardings.
Okay, I'll come in the morning.
We will go together.
Ok Baba.
Listen.
At the Jaipur literature fair, we..
Please stop the music.
Where is the remote?
She's gone now.
Okay. One second.
Maestro, take a short break.
Baba can't handle it.
Ok.
These people come here and play live?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She likes it live.
If you have a request, let them know.
They will play it.
No, no.
I don't have any request.
Please go.
Sure?
- Yes, yes.
You go and rest.
What about their human rights?
Didn't she say..
Just a minute.
Baba, I'm sorry.
My son needs me.
Good night.
- Listen. Listen.
I am going to Jaipur tomorrow.
It's a 3-4 hour drive.
Let's go together.
We'll chat on the way.
We will bond.
Baba, don't tempt me.
You know road trips are my weakness.
So, come.
- I have lots to do.
The gardener is going to come tomorrow
I have to get the whole lawn trimmed.
From here to there.
There is an even bigger lawn at the back.
There the grass has
grown right up to the chest.
Why are you acting pricey?
If papa had told you,
you would have agreed.
You should listen to
your brother sometimes.
Just you and me.
I missed you, man.
That was an emotional pitch.
The last time we took
a road trip under duress.
This time we will bond.
Wow!
I don't understand
your new casual attitude..
..but anyway, I'm off this crap, Baba.
Are you coming or not?
- I told you I you I have lots to do.
I have to feed Cheetah.
I'll ask Sheetal about tomorrow.
- Do what you want.
Give me a missed call.
What are you doing?
He is waiting for me.
The new number..
I'll send you the number.
Brother.
Sorry.
You may continue with your program.
I only came for a short while.
Madam, I ate one kitkat
from the mini bar in my room..
..and I bought the same kitkat
for rupees 20 from the market..
..to replace it in the mini bar.
When I opened the mini bar I noticed
your staff had already replaced it..
..and you have billed..
I drew the entire family
tree and showed it to your Director.
There is no aunt in my script.
You can cast her if you want.
How can she be blond?
We are Indians.
Yes, yes.
Yes. Kimi Katkar..
Cast anyone you want.
Okay, bye.
You got permission.
- Of course, Baba!
I was bound to get permission.
Sheetal is very sweet.
She was a little upset because
you didn't stay last night.
Still she let me come with you.
But she didn't let Cheetah come.
I'll miss him.
You'll see him soon.
Do you ever miss me?
Baba, what is this
emotional crap you're doing?
I'm loving it!
Whose car is this?
What do you mean?
I mean the last time you were fleeing..
..with a car without paying the loan.
Have you started a new business this time?
Business?
Baba, you're a respectable author now.
You should work on your language.
I rented the car from drivezy.
Really?
They have started in India as well?
Of course, Baba.
You took a trip or two abroad..
..and you are underestimating India.
I am asking you if you
paid the EMI for the last car..
..or did you leave it on the road?
I wondered about that.
How can you change?
You're just the same, Baba.
You still fry my head asking questions.
I missed you.
Get in.
I'll tell you in the car.
What have you thought about me?
Brother Hari, follow us in the other car.
- Oh, thank you.
This is brother Hari.
Hurry brother.
Yes! Road trip.
Chitwan, tell me without getting offended.
Is Cheetah your child?
He is Sheetal's.
Actually her ex-husband was rude to her..
..while she was pregnant.
So, she divorced him.
Then Cheetah was born.
And then I came on the scene.
Now we're one happy family.
Where did you meet Sheetal?
What do you mean?
I'm not asking without reason.
Both your circles appear very different.
It's a long story.
- We have time.
Listen.
I was playing at a very
big party in Chhatarpur.
It was crazy!
Everyone was enjoying.
They were dancing.
And I too was enjoying
looking at everyone.
It was a great night!
Then the Police raided the place.
It was an LGBT party.
A controversy took place.
Drugs were seized.
Nab them!
- Me too.
You were high again?
- Baba, I was clean but they
wouldn't believe me.
You want me to urinate to prove to you?
Test my urine, sir.
They wouldn't let me urinate,
much less test it.
This time I would have gone
to jail for long.
But then Sheetal made an entry.
Baba, light, music and everything
changed within me.
And in that moment I realized
Baba, you aren't the only one
who is beautiful.
That's it. Fell in love during questioning
And commitment during action.
Sheetal said, if I can clean up my act
it will prove that my love is true.
Then, Sheetal and Cheetah
will be my family.
And your family too.
A probation period is going on now,
so, let's see.
You went to jail again?
Yup.
That's why I couldn't
come to your book launch.
Don't make it a habit to go to jail.
Baba, I feel pretty comfortable there.
Even the menu is made as per my taste now.
Chitwan's jail story is
a great idea for a sub plot.
What is that, bro?
What are you doing?
Preparing for my next book.
- I am in that as well?
Maybe.
Repeat your jail story from the start.
- Okay.
Which one?
How many times have you gone to jail?
No, no.
That was a party in jail.
If you continue with
this casual attitude..
..people will stop giving you work.
You will land up on the street.
We are on the street, Baba.
I am talking about earning money,
you moron!
That is narrow thinking, Baba.
Baba, it's 2019..
..and there are 2019 ways
to earn money in this day and age.
Such as?
- Such as..
..sperm donation.
And my sperm is..!
- Gross!
Vicky donor is a movie.
In real life you don't get
paid that much for sperm donation.
Else all the horny people in the world..
..and all the truck drivers
would be millionaires now.
Oh, yeah!
But there is the vigil market.
It is very strong in India.
Chitwan, vigils are seasonal.
You cannot perform at the
Goddess' vigil during Halloween.
Okay.
Okay, what?
- I mean okay
There is no season for road trips,
is there?
Baba, I put my car on drivezy ?
to earn money..
..and when I need it I rent it.
I have no stress about maintenance..
..and these are times of sharing, Baba.
This is a Bombay number.
You brought the car from Bombay?
I went to Bombay two days ago.
I went on the highway at
night to get some mouth freshener..
..and I wound up in Delhi.
Do you know I arrived
before the Rajdhani train?
You came from Bombay
to Delhi before the Rajdhani?
Yes. How?
Sit on the sideboard and I'll tell you.
You sit.
I'll drive.
Why are you afraid?
Try me.
It is a rented car.
Don't brag.
I'll drive at Jan Shatabdi's speed
I would like to call upon the stage
to speak about his latest book 'Zoo'..
..Mr.
Richard Garrison.
Kids.
I love kids.
Do you have kids?
- Yes.
One girl and two jackasses.
One should not have two boys.
Incidentally, we haven't been introduced.
Myself, Hari Kishor Shukla.
- Hi. I'm Chitwan.
The hero of Baba's book.
- I know. I know.
..enjoy reading it as much
as I've enjoyed writing it.
Thank you, folks.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Richard.
And now for our next speaker.
Yes, the one whom you
all have been waiting for.
Has shot to overnight fame
and has truly become a sensation.
I guess it helps that he is so handsome.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
please put your hands together..
..for the author of Tripling, Mr.
Chandan Sharma.
Baba!
Chandan, before I handover
the stage to you..
..there's something that
I would like to tell you.
Baba, you are beautiful!
That's my line.
Big fan of your book sir.
So, how do you deal with
all the female attention?
Well, experience has thought
me not to always trust it.
Crap!
Baba gets scared of the dark.
What..?
What are you doing?
- Let's go!
Bring him!
- Security.
Chitwan.
- Baba.
What the hell!
Hurry up!
Put the gun down.
Brother, I am cooperating.
- Let's go!
Baba.
Baba, is the controversy
on your book so big?
What have you written?
- Silence!
Keep your mouth shut!
You get in the car as well.
- No, sir.
My car is here.
I'll come in it.
We will bring it!
- One moment.
Let go.
What are you doing?
You are kidnapping me?
Do you know who I am?
- Baba.
Why are you talking like a Delhite?
Listen, Homies.
What do you want?
You want money?
My fiancée has lots of money.
We don't want any money!
- Everybody has seen you in there, sir.
You will get trapped,
but don't stress over it.
She will fight your case.
And if anyone is a handicap or ill,
then you will benefit even more.
Mental disabilities.
Damn!
Chitwan.
Get up.
Up.
This is a very strange dream.
I am sitting on a giant wheel with Baba.
It must be a childhood connection.
I won't even remember it by morning.
Chitwan!
This is not a dream.
It is reality.
We've been kidnapped and
put up here on the giant wheel.
Hey!
- Really?
Wow!
What a situation!
Remove your recorder,
Baba, and make notes.
Write a thriller for your next book.
What are you saying?
I will push you.
You're talking nonsense!
We have been kidnapped.
Man!
- It's okay
Hey!
Brother.
Stop this giant wheel.
- Please stop it
Man!
All of them are watching the dance.
Don't watch the dance.
Let us get off.
Baba.
Round.
- What round?
Round and round.
- We don't have any personal differences.
Stop the giant wheel!
What kind of torture is this, brother?
Really? Go and call
your dad from there.
Tell him we are stuck over here.
What are you doing?
Is this some kind of joke?
Brother.
Fancy cars.
Who has come in the car?
Chanchal?
Chanchal!
Hey, Chanchal.
Chanchu.
Tell them to stop the giant wheel.
How did Chanchal come here?
Hey, Chanchal.
Chanchal.
Tell them to stop the giant wheel.
Chanchu.
Chanchal.
Tell them to stop the giant wheel.
Come on the giant wheel, Chanchu.
We'll have a reunion.
Are you crazy?
Chanchal?
What's the matter?
What are you doing?
Chanchal!
- Was that for me or for you, brother?
Is she upset with me?
Stop!
I am feeling dizzy.
I am enjoying myself, Baba.
In fact, I'm feeling a little high.
And for a change, it's legal.
I love this sensation.
- Stop!
You fool!
This is not a sensation.
It's a concussion.
We are hurt in the head.
You don't know how to enjoy.
Thanks for the ride, Chanchal.